doc: Add required jobs info (#10380)
kata-containers/kata-containers: ci/README.md

asking the community directly on Slack are the best ways to get your test
accepted.

## Required tests

> In our CI we have two catagories of jobs - required and not-required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our CI we have two categories of jobs - required and non-required:
```

Author: Updated, thanks for the suggestions

- Required jobs need to all pass for a PR to be merged normally and
should cover all the core features on Kata Containers that we want to
ensure don't have regressions.
- The non-required jobs are for unstable tests, or for features that
are experimental and not-fully supported. We'd like those tests to also
pass on all PRs ideally, but don't block merging if they don't as it's
not necessarily an indication of the PR code causing regressions.

### Transitioning between required and non-required status

Required jobs that fail block merging of PRs, so we want to ensure that
jobs are stable and maintained before we make them required.

The [Kata Containers CI Dashboard](https://kata-containers.github.io/)
is a useful resource to check when collecting evidence of job stability.
At time of writing it reports the last ten days of Kata CI nightly test
results for each job. This isn't perfect as it doesn't currently capture
results on PRs, but is a good guideline for stability.

> [!NOTE]
> Below are general guidelines about jobs being marked as

> > required/not-required, but they are subject to change and the Kata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> required/non-required, but they are subject to change and the Kata
```
